API design: Improve empty states for Software > Vulnerabilities (#20654)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

    "has_previous_results": false
  }
}

```
##### Default response (no results, known vulnerability)

The search query matches a vulnerability (CVE) that's in Fleet's vulnerability database but hasn't been found on any hosts yet. Learn more [here](../Using%20Fleet/Vulnerability-Processing.md).

`Status: 200`

```json
{
  "vulnerabilities": null,
  "known_vulnerability": true,
  "count": 0,
  "counts_updated_at": "2024-02-02T16:40:37Z",
  "meta": {
    "has_next_results": false,
    "has_previous_results": false

>   }

Reviewer: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-2325

Should probably add something returning from the API if it searched an exact match or not. 

For example:
Fleet instance at company A might search WITHOUT quotes: CVE-2024-2325
Say they get no response, we'll they got no response for CVE-2024-2325 but also all similar CVEs like CVE-2024-2325x. So UI would show a generic no results found empty state.
Fleet instance at company B might search WITH quotes: "CVE-2024-2325"
Say they get no response, they only got no response for CVE-2024-2325. Here there would be a more specific no results found empty state that has whether or not the vulnerability is known.

    "has_previous_results": false
  }
}

```
##### Default response (no results, known vulnerability)

> The search query matches a vulnerability (CVE) that's in Fleet's vulnerability database but hasn't been found on any hosts yet. Learn more [here](../Using%20Fleet/Vulnerability-Processing.md).

Reviewer 2: Should link to https://fleetdm.com url (also this was moved to guides):
```suggestion
The search query matches a vulnerability (CVE) that's in Fleet's vulnerability database but hasn't been found on any hosts yet. Learn more [here](https://fleetdm.com/guides/vulnerability-processing).
```
